Changelog 180 (#164)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2022-10-10-changelog-180.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #180"
date: 2022-10-10 13:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

* [#9412] Support 2022.3 EAPs

* Completion improvements:

  * [#9308] Complete [custom derive] procedural macros and import the macros which aren't already in the scope

    TODO: gif

>   * [#9332] Suggest out-of-scope modules in completion list. Previously, completion list contained only modules from the current scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [#9332] Suggest out-of-scope modules in the completion list. Previously, the completion list contained modules from the current scope only
```

    TODO: gif

>   * [#9313] Completion of [function-like](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/procedural-macros.html#function-like-procedural-macros) procedural macros now properly adds `!`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [#9313] Completion for [function-like](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/procedural-macros.html#function-like-procedural-macros) procedural macros now properly adds `!`
```

    and doesn't show redundant info about token stream argument

* [#7597] Automatically import unresolved items after pasting Rust code into the editor.
  You can disable this behaviour via `Insert imports on paste` option in `Preferences | Editor | General | Auto Import | Rust` settings (by [@Kobzol])

  TODO: gif

* [#5866] Add `Wrong associated type arguments` inspection to check associated type bindings,
  in particular [E0191](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0191) and [E0220](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0220) compiler errors (by [@Kobzol])

  TODO: gif

* [#9153] Add `Add import for path in pattern` intention to import constants in match patterns

> * [#9335] Provide `Create associated function` intention for path `Self::func()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9335] Provide `Create associated function` intention for paths like `Self::func()`
```

* [#9376] Drop support for 2022.1 platform. Upgrade your IDE to 2022.2 to get new updates of the plugin

## Fixes

* [#9461] Fix sporadic false positive errors and absense of completion related to plugin's inability to find proper `impl` block.
  The bug was introduced by [#9229] in previous release

* [#9434] Don't prioritize functions that return `!` type (e.g. `panic()`) in completion list

> * [#9428] Fix expansion of [format](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/fmt) macros like `println!` when parameter name is `self` keyword or syntax is incorrect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9428] Fix expansion of [format](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/fmt) macros like `println!` when the `self` keyword is used as a parameter name, or when the syntax is incorrect
```

> * [#9293], [#9344] Fix adding imports by [Change signature](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-refactorings.html#change-sign) refactoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9293], [#9344] [Change signature](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-refactorings.html#change-sign) refactoring to add imports properly 
```

Reviewer 2: I think `Fix` at the beginning is missing is the suggestion

> * [#9336] Don't suggest to import items in `derive` attribute if they are not [custom derive] macros

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9336] Suggest importing only [custom derive] macros inside the `derive` attribute
```

Reviewer 2: 👍

Reviewer 2: Although, it's not 100% true since `Debug` is not custom derive macros but we suggest it as well

> * [#9303] Don't show fix to make function async when function returns `impl Future`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9303] Do not suggest `Make function async` quick-fix for functions returning `impl Future`
```

> * [#9222] Don't erase the file content during [formatting with `rustfmt`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-code-style-and-formatting.html#reformat)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9222] Do not erase the file contents when [formatting with `rustfmt`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-code-style-and-formatting.html#reformat)
```

>   if `#![cfg_attr(rustfmt, rustfmt_skip)]` attribute is presented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if the `#![cfg_attr(rustfmt, rustfmt_skip)]` attribute is presented
```

> * [#9078] Don't override folder settings on project model reloading if the folder is manually marked as excluded or as source folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9078] Keep the settings for folders that are manually excluded or marked as source roots when reloading the project model
```
